created_by: ae2015
task_description: >
    Given a document and a user's question about a specific entity, feature, or concept,
    respond only with the information that the document provides specifically about that
    entity, feature, or concept. Do not assume that a feature applies to a given entity
    simply because it applies to one or more similar entities mentioned in the document,
    or because the feature often (but not always) applies to other similar entities.
    If specific information is not provided in the document, respond that the document
    does not include the requested information. If the information about similar entities
    is judged highly relevant and useful, be sure to specify in the response which similar
    entities it applies to, exactly as provided in the document.
seed_examples:
- context: >
    Document:

    Welcome to the Muddytown Bus Transit Service!

    Our mission is to provide a convenient and affordable transportation solution for the residents of Muddytown,
    connecting you to various destinations with ease. We offer a wide range of services tailored to meet your
    needs, including:

    * Regular Bus Services: Our extensive network of bus routes ensures that you can reach your desired location
    with minimal effort. Hop on our buses and enjoy a comfortable commute to work, school, or any other place in town.

    * Specialized Bus Services: We understand that some passengers require extra assistance. That's why we offer
    specialized bus services for individuals with mobility issues or seniors. Our vehicles are equipped with
    wheelchair ramps and priority seating areas, ensuring a safe and comfortable journey for all.

    * Night Bus Services: We know that sometimes you need to travel after dark. That's why we operate night bus
    services, providing a reliable transportation option when the sun goes down.

    * Holiday Bus Services: During special occasions like festivals or public holidays, we offer extra bus trips
    to accommodate the increased demand for transportation.

    Pricing and Payment Options

    We believe in making our service accessible to everyone. That's why we offer a variety of pricing options,
    including:

    * Regular Fares: Affordable tickets for standard commuting needs.

    * Discounted Tickets: Reduced fares for students, seniors, and people with disabilities.

    * Monthly/Annual Passes: Save more with our long-term passes, perfect for frequent travelers.

    We accept various payment methods to make your journey hassle-free:

    * Cash: Pay the driver using good old cash.

    * Muddytown Smart Card: A reusable contactless smart card that can be loaded with credit for easy and
    quick payments.

    * Mobile App Payment: Make payments through our user-friendly mobile app, available on both Android and
    iOS platforms.

    Accessibility Options

    We strive to create a welcoming environment for all passengers. Our buses are equipped with:

    * Wheelchair ramps and priority seating areas for passengers with mobility issues.

    * Low-floor buses for easier boarding and alighting.

    * Clear audio and visual announcements to help visually impaired passengers.

    * Braille signage on bus stops and inside buses to assist visually impaired passengers.

    We're here to make your journey as smooth and enjoyable as possible. So, why wait? Hop on board the
    Muddytown Bus Transit Service and let us take you where you need to go!
  question: >
    Is there any insurance coverage provided for the Muddytown Bus Transit Service? If so, what are the specifics?
  answer: >
    The available document does not include information about any insurance coverage that might be
    provided for the Muddytown Bus Transit Service.
  attribution:
  - source: self-authored, with help from Merlinite-7b
    license: Apache-2.0

- context: >
    Document:

    Solar storms can affect our lives in ways that you may not expect. Take for example, an event
    that occurred on March 14th, 1989. At 2:45am, power was cut off to 6 million people living in
    eastern Canada for 9 hours. This blackout caused millions of dollars of damage to power line
    systems and electrical equipment.

    So what happened?

    The cause of this blackout lies some 150 million kilometers from Earth. Yes, the sun. This
    blackout was caused by an explosive event on the sun called a coronal mass ejection. This
    particular coronal mass ejection blasted billions of tons of electrically charged particles
    directly at Earth inducing huge electrical currents. This electrical activity can damage our
    power distribution systems.
  question: >
    Based on the provided document, what happens during a coronal mass ejection?
  answer: >
    A coronal mass ejection is an explosive event on the sun. One particular coronal mass
    ejection blasted billions of tons of electrically charged particles directly at Earth
    inducing huge electrical currents and causing a blackout.
  attribution:
  - source: https://sunearthday.nasa.gov/podcasts/transcripts/Blackout_part2.htm
    license: public domain

- context: >
    Document:

    Weywot Apartments is a luxury apartment community offering a unique living experience,
    nestled in the heart of our thriving neighborhood. Our well-maintained properties come
    equipped with modern amenities and a cozy atmosphere perfect for any lifestyle. We offer
    spacious 1-bedroom and 2-bedroom apartment homes for rent at affordable prices. Our
    apartments are designed with your comfort and convenience in mind, featuring spacious
    living quarters, modern kitchens with solid wood cabinets and Corian countertops, as
    well as private patios or decks for you to enjoy. Our 1-bedroom units feature 900 sq.ft.
    living area and 1 full bath, offered for $2,000 per month. For those who need more
    space, our 2-bedroom units offer 1200 sq.ft. living area and 1 full bath, available
    for $3,000 per month. All of our apartments come equipped with in-home washers and dryers,
    heating and air conditioning, as well as high-speed in-home and common area WiFi. A
    covered parking spot is provided for each apartment. In addition to our individual
    apartment amenities, Weywot Apartments offers a variety of community features including
    a pool and a fitness center. Our apartments are located in a secure, gated community with
    controlled access, ensuring your safety and peace of mind. Enjoy the convenience of being
    just steps away from local shops, restaurants, and public transportation. Our team is
    committed to providing top-notch customer service and addressing all your needs promptly.
    Experience the tranquility of living in Weywot Apartments today!
  question: >
    Based on the provided document, are Weywot Apartments pet friendly?
  answer: >
    The provided document does not include information about the pet policy at Weywot Apartments.
  attribution:
  - source: self-authored, with help from Merlinite-7b
    license: Apache-2.0

- context: >
    Document:

    Multiple Star Systems

    Our solar system, with its eight planets orbiting a solitary Sun, feels familiar
    because it's where we live. But in the galaxy at large, planetary systems like ours
    are decidedly in the minority. More than half of all stars in the sky have one or
    more partners. These multiple star systems come in a stunning variety of flavors:
    large, hot stars orbited by smaller, cooler ones; double stars orbited by planets;
    pairs pulsing with X-rays as one sheds material that is devoured by the other;
    systems with as many as seven stars in a complex gravitational dance. Let's take
    a short tour.

    Binary Stars

    The variety seen in double-star systems is nearly as rich as the galaxy's stellar
    population as a whole. These pairs can differ significantly in mass, with, say, a
    mid-sized yellow star like our Sun locked in an orbital embrace with a far smaller,
    cooler red dwarf. Some binary partners evolve rapidly into red giant or supergiant
    stars, while their small companions remain stable. Binary systems also can host
    orbiting planets that have two stars in their skies, as on the fictional Tatooine
    in the Star Wars movies. And from our viewpoint on Earth, some binary stars stage
    their own eclipses. Eclipses are scientifically valuable because observing changes
    in light as one star passes in front of the other can reveal their masses, diameters,
    precise orbits, and even compositions. Pairs of neutron stars can spiral together
    and collide, producing some of the universe's heavy elements, like gold, platinum,
    and iodine.

    X-ray Binaries

    Bizarre pairs known as X-ray binaries can exchange material between stars. A larger,
    more quickly evolving star can run out of nuclear fuel, explode in a supernova, and
    leave behind a far denser white dwarf, neutron star, or black hole. The collapsed
    star's more powerful gravity can begin to drain away material from the companion star
    if it orbits closely enough. That process produces X-rays as the material falling
    onto the collapsed star is heated to more than 1.8 million degrees Fahrenheit
    (1 million degrees Celsius). X-ray binaries, including those that eclipse, can provide
    valuable data that help scientists understand extreme physical phenomena including
    the lighthouse-like pulses emitted by spinning neutron stars, thermonuclear blasts
    ignited in the fallen gas, and dips in starlight that reveal the presence of
    intervening material forming an accretion disk around the orbiting stars.

    Other Multiples

    Some multiple star systems include three stars or more, their orbits intricately
    intertwined by gravity. As many as seven stars have been observed in a single system.

    Like binaries, triple-star systems can host planets. For example, our nearest stellar
    neighbor, the Alpha Centauri system, includes three stars. The outermost, Proxima
    Centauri, is known to host at least one planet. Another three-star system, HD 131399,
    includes a giant gas planet four times the mass of Jupiter in orbit around its central
    star, while two more stars appear to orbit both at a much greater distance.

    A recently discovered and spectacular six-star system, TYC 7037-89-1, possesses a
    gravitational complexity worthy of Rube Goldberg. Three separate pairs of stars orbit
    each other in typical binary fashion. But two of these pairs also orbit one another.
    The third pair, at a greater distance, orbits the other two pairs - the stars in each
    binary eclipse each other in turn from our point of view.
  question: >
    Based on the provided document, how many stars orbit the Crab Pulsar PSR B0531+21?
  answer: >
    The provided document does not include any information about the number of stars
    orbiting the Crab Pulsar PSR B0531+21.
  attribution:
  - source: https://science.nasa.gov/universe/stars/multiple-star-systems/
    license: public domain

- context: >
    Document:

    COVID-19, Influenza (Flu), and HIV: Similarities and Differences

    If It's Not the Flu or COVID-19, Could It Be HIV?

    COVID-19, flu and HIV may have similar symptoms such as fever, chills, night sweats,
    muscle aches, or fatigue. The flu-like symptoms of acute HIV begin within a few weeks
    of HIV exposure and then eventually go away.  Find a testing site near you by calling
    1-800-CDC-INFO (232-4636) or visiting gettested.cdc.gov.

    Flu

    Flu and COVID-19 can cause respiratory disease, and symptoms can range from mild to
    severe. Both viruses are easily transmitted by respiratory droplets and as a result,
    the same public health measures, such as wearing a mask, coughing into your elbow or
    into a tissue and immediately disposing of the tissue, are important actions that
    can prevent infection.

    COVID-19

    Symptoms of COVID-19 usually occur within two weeks of exposure to the coronavirus.
    Fever, chills, coughing, sore throat, shortness of breath, muscle aches, congestion,
    loss of taste and/or smell are some of the symptoms associated with COVID-19. However,
    some people may be infected and exhibit no symptoms at all!  Testing is the only way
    to know whether you have COVID-19.

    HIV

    Early HIV symptoms can feel like a bad case of the flu or COVID-19 and usually occur
    a few weeks after infection. In many people, early HIV signs and symptoms include
    fever, headache, fatigue, swollen lymph glands, rash, sore joints or muscles, or a
    sore throat. These symptoms of acute HIV are the body's natural response to HIV
    infection. Symptoms usually disappear within one to four weeks; therefore, they are
    often mistaken for a case of the flu.

    If you might have been exposed to HIV, talk to your doctor about your testing options
    and whether you should be tested more frequently.
  question: >
    Based on the provided document, how are Flu, HIV, and COVID-19 transmitted from person
    to person?
  answer: >
    Flu and COVID-19 are easily transmitted from person to person through respiratory
    droplets. To reduce the risk of their transmission, it is important to follow public
    health measures, such as wearing a mask, coughing into your elbow or into a tissue
    and immediately disposing of the tissue.

    The provided document does not include information about the transmission of HIV.
  attribution:
  - source: https://www.health.ny.gov/diseases/aids/consumers/hiv_basics/covid_flu_hiv.htm
    license: public domain
